Added link to the OLM section on documentation release (#11574)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: development-docs/RELEASE.md

    * Update the checksums for released files in `.checksums`

16. _(only for GA, not for RCs)_ The maven artifacts (`api` module) will be automatically staged from Azure during the tag build. It has to be releases from [Sonatype](https://oss.sonatype.org/#stagingRepositories) to get to the main Maven repositories.

> 17. _(only for GA, not for RCs)_ Update the Strimzi manifest files in Operator Hub [community operators](https://github.com/operator-framework/community-operators) repository and submit a pull request upstream. You can find more details in the [Operators Catalog](#operators-catalog) section at the bottom of this documentation.

Reviewer: The repo moved so the link in the step is out of date
```suggestion
17. _(only for GA, not for RCs)_ Update the Strimzi manifest files in Operator Hub [community operators](https://github.com/k8s-operatorhub/community-operators) repository and submit a pull request upstream. You can find more details in the [Operators Catalog](#operators-catalog) section at the bottom of this documentation.
```
